Muscle it will start up on you know how much wider audience is made in the next few videos.
I'm going to talk about how to work with open TV in C++.
The principle is almost the same as in Python.
However there is a little bit of differences on how to execute the programs and also the syntax.
So I'm going to cover a few of the topics I have covered in python like in this example I'm going to
show how to open and see images and then show how to read the video stream and also how to work with
Sivy bridge in C++.
Let us consider the code.
I really do.
The TPP which is in the folder topic 03 perception in the Father c p p we have the read with you two
people.
So first of all we need to include up in CB2 library and the syntax is include APCP to slash up and
see that HBP.
So this is the header file and then we create the main function and we define an object called video
capture.
So video capture is going to open the default camera with index 0 and then in the video capture it is
not that we're going to exit the program and return minus one as another code.
And in case of success we're going to start an endless loop and we create a free.
So modifying the structure or an image or for free in the way look we're going to use video capture
object in order to collect everything.
This symbol is going to get a new frame from the camera.
OK it's going to return in your frame from the computer and assign it with a free object and then we
can do that classical and see operations like for example we can convert the frame into a greyscale
image.
So we take the frame as input and edge as output.
Or maybe I'm going to call this great image.
I'm not going to concede the edges there but just a great image.
And finally we will lose I m sure like an Peiffer in order to link the Greek image.
Of course you can do even more processing like Goshorn blue or also extract the edges.
I have just disabling these two operations.
I'm going just to show the great image as it comes.
And finally we wait for 30 millisecond if a key is pressed then we're going to exit the wine book and
we turn as usual to exit the program.
So this is our code.
Now if we want to execute it it's not like python we have to create a new executable into the C Make
list.
So how can we do that.
Let's go to see make it extreme and go into the bottom.
So first of all we need to add the package up and see the fine package.
We can also add that here in the top in the package section.
OK.
Like we had rusty BP or spine we can hear up and see the OK in the case just I did here in the bottom
just before declaring the executable.
So this is a required instruction package pop and CD.
It's going to in the package for the computation and also included that that is for oppositely we use
include that it is see if we include the X and then this instruction is going to add a new executable.
So this is the name of the executable we will create in your city B.
And this is the source file that you have just presented and edited here this one.
OK.
And after creating the execute what we need to link the libraries First of all we link the catkin libraries
to the executable and also here.
And this is something new we need to also link up and see the libraries.
So look for example in the simple programs that we did before we just needed for example for the listener
to know we're just limited it to get Kim libelers because he or not did not use up and.
However if you use RNC we need also to make sure you add targeting libraries to the executable and you
add up and see the libraries as well in the same way you're needed for look at King libraries.
Now we have everything in place after doing that.
We can go to the catkin workspace and then compiled using that can make you can see or read with your
city it is now executed.
And now I can run the code.
First of all I'm going to underscore
that you tell me not use restaurant was essentially C.P. be read with you and the source of that is
accurate.
So you can you know you have the gray colored image so we capture the frame from the camera and then
convert it to great image and then we displayed using I am or this is an example on C++ programmer with
PC in the next video we are going to see how we can read images and save them.